how about christopher marquez and here is
the new motorola airbag team ok let's go
Let's see
that here we have
the iron rock device
if they reach it to perceive that the pp is
because it 's the back has
entry for two chips which is the air
and the nextel evolution chip that I
drums
from in mind
here in the chivas in the excel evolution
still not released in certain cities
what are we going to see
from the tracks
the new motorola
although this is the new motorola iron
rock can be perceived well
has an 8 megapixel hd camera
if you are here you have a port of
xiamen
for a mirror effect and here is the
Charger input
it's completely touring has gorilla
glass has a camera in front another
camera than in the back
you are welcome
This equipment has a charger and USB
to connect to the computer to the
tele does not matter
include
lithium
includes the car charger
you can connect it in a civil way to
everything for the driver
here we have a pixel manual equipment
airport
how to use it as we light
what
total if you have a motor team to
usa rock you can dial the number that
appears on the screen and with great pleasure
I can have the best price
get over here was the help
of this work